[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
horror film life
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the curious mankind never stops their
probes in deep space
for living creatures on alien planets
someday in the near future
astronauts in the international space
station at earth's orbit
are preparing a docking mission with its
coming visitor the unmanned pilgrim 7
space
probe which returns after a long
exploration journey on mars
with soil samples potentially containing
evidence of extraterrestrial life
the probe however veers off its
scheduled course caused by the space
debris
and runs fast towards the space station
making automatic docking impossible
unwilling to lose such an important
guest an astronaut risked his life
outside
to catch the fast-running probe manually
which turns out to be a great success
with the soil samples well preserved
inside
later the exobiologist conducts
intensive research on the samples
by adjusting the ambient temperature and
mimicking various environments under
different atmosphere compositions he
finally activates the cell
which quickly grows into a multi-celled
organism
everybody is cheered up by the most
significant discovery in centuries
the news of humanity's first
confirmation of an extraterrestrial life
spread soon to the earth planet
where american school children give it a
lovely name calvin
as the research continues the biologist
realizes that calvin cells can change
their specialization and forms
acting as muscle neuron and photosensory
cells all at one
with a handicap in his legs though the
biologist rekindles his passion for
research
while playing around with a lovely
little creature in his hand
driven by his fanaticism and the desire
to find a cure for his handicap
he even performed some aggressive
experiments on calvin while ignoring the
safety guidelines
someday however due to his improper
operations
an unexpected oxygen leak happens to the
lab which is a result
causes calvin to stop its growth and
return to dormancy
frustrated by the accident he tries to
reactivate calvin with electric shock
but only to find the back to life calvin
breaks off the electric rod suddenly
and tangles his hand tightly making him
unable to pull his hand out of the
incubation
chamber while the other astronauts
staying outside the lab
can give him any help considering its
unknown aggressivity
and the safety for the whole space
station as well
moments later due to the great pain the
biologist is knocked unconscious
with his hand wholly crushed what's
worse after piercing through the plastic
glove
kelvin escapes its enclosure and
approaches an innocent lab rat
before devouring it instantly and
growing in size by absorbing its cells
and tissues
under the emergency the engineer gets
inside the lab
and manages to rescue the biologist out
but he has to quarantine himself in the
lab later
when finding calvin follows tightly
behind and attacks him
right then he tries to paralyze calvin
with electric shock
but to no success for calvin seems more
flexible and adjustable to the adverse
environment
than they've ever expected and
surprisingly
it can even withstand the hot fire while
remaining unheard
as the engineer tries to fight off
calvin it happens to slide into his body
from the mouth
and devours his organs inside killing
him immediately
the crew left outside witness an ongoing
brutal killing
but can't do anything to save the poor
man
soon after that by the time calvin comes
out from his dead body
it has grown to be a giant octopus-like
creature
as the fire alarm is triggered later
with the vent system activated for fire
control
calvin senses the airflow and escapes
the enclosed lab through the vent
with no time to mourn for the engineer's
death the commander has to take actions
quickly to prevent its invasion
and tries to find support for people on
earth
however they soon learned that the
station's communication system breaks
down
cutting off all contact with earth
without any choice
the commander decides to perform a
spacewalk outside to find and fix the
malfunction communication system
during the subsequent inspection she
happens to find the coolant has been
completely consumed by calvin
causing the communication system to
overheat
right then calvin sneaks out suddenly
and attacks her
it tangles around her body finding its
way to sneak inside her spacesuit but to
no success
however due to its strong contraction
force the coolant system in her
spacesuit is soon ruptured
and the coolant is forced to flow into
her helmet causing the commander to
nearly suffocate
in a panic she has to rush back to the
airlock blindly
hoping to free herself out of the
coolant-filled spacesuit
while reaching the airlock with calvin
still attached she chooses to stay
outside and drifts away from the station
attempting to kill calvin in the vacuum
space
but drowning herself in her spacesuit
calvin however jumps back and tries to
re-enter the station through its
maneuvering
thrusters the crew fired the thrusters
to blast it away
but to no avail since this creature
shows its fire resistance
while everybody is at a loss to fight
against the horrible creature
who sneaked inside the cabin the
biologist who's regained his
consciousness
explains that calvin stays dormant on
mars for centuries
due to a lack of suitable air he then
proposes to retreat to one side of the
station
and vent the air from the other side to
render calvin dorman
while the crew are busying with
preparation the biologist is distracted
by something weird
and then begins to confess his guilt to
others before dying suddenly
the rest try to give him emergent care
but are shocked to find the attached
calvin
who is feeding on his handicapped leg
and grows bigger and stronger
sensing its increasing hostility and
aggressivity the remaining three have to
run for their lives in a great panic
fortunately david and a girl make their
way to a cabin and seal the door against
calvin's coming while the other man
takes shelter in a dormancy chamber
allowing him to stay safe inside
temporarily
meanwhile frustrated by such a strong
enemy though
the two happened to find calvin as
wandering visible to them
for it's supposed to swallow a tracker
embedded inside the biologist's
handicapped leg
thanks to that they turn to use the dead
body as bait to lure calvin away
and trap it in the other side
successfully
but right before pumping out all of the
oxygen david is excited to discover a
spacecraft is on its way to the station
believing that it's coming for the
rescue which however according to the
female astronaut
is actually the backup plan for the
earth's control center to prevent the
invasion of
any unknown alien creature by pushing
the contaminated station out of earth's
orbit
into deep space not knowing what's
happening though
the other astronaut goes to operate the
docking while getting attacked by the
coming calvin
resulting in the spacecraft crashing
into the station
and the death of all its crew what's
worse
the broken space station runs out of
control and is caused to decay from
earth's orbit into the atmosphere
realizing that the alien creature would
doom all humanity
the two remaining survivors have to
figure out a way to stop calvin from
landing on earth
with the only two escape pods left in
the space station
david decides to sacrifice himself to
kill calvin
alluring it into one pod which will be
manually piloted into deep space
while the girl takes the other to return
to earth for her life
soon after that as planned david
attracts calvin in his escape pod
and veers its course towards deep space
after detaching it from the space
station
however on her return journey to earth
the girl's pot is unfortunately hit by
debris
and knocked away in an unknown direction
while david is fighting hard against
calvin to regain his control of the pod
in fear and despair eventually
one of these two pods falls through the
earth's atmosphere and lands on the sea
the fishermen nearby find the falling
pod and go for rescue
which however turns out to be david's
pod rather than the girls
which is actually flying uncontrollably
into deep space
while she screams in despair in the
final scene
despite david's desperate warnings
inside the fishermen then open the pod
indicating the arriving home of a long
dormant alien creature
and the very beginning of a horrible
nightmare to earth
this is daniel cc movie channel bye